boards/meshme: initial implementation of I2C and SPI peripherals (#318)
Mesh4all/m4a-firmware: tests/periph_i2c/doc.txt

/**

> * @defgroup      test_group_periph_i2c   Get I2C available ports and scan for devices
> * @ingroup       test_group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* @defgroup      tests_periph_i2c   Get I2C available ports and scan for devices
* @ingroup       tests
```

Author: Same here
